I could use some help up here!
Our comms are down.
I can't contact Hunter.
That's not the priority.
The ship sustained heavy damage.
I can see that.
Get the stabilizers online!
That's what I'm trying to do.
We have to land.
A little hard to do
when nothing's working.
This will take forever to repair.
No. There's no time for that.
We need to get the nav reader online
to extract the coordinates to Tantiss
for when we go back.
We're not going back.
We left the other prisoners behind.
And the Empire is going to be searching
for this ship and us.
We have to move.
I scanned a spaceport a few clicks east.
We'll start there.
Omega managed to escape this facility
and flee the planet.
Along with CT-9904.
That is most surprising.
Is it?
I never understood your attachment
to the young clone,
but now it's clear why
you kept her so close.
Suspicious that all the samples you've
taken from Omega never yielded results,
yet one tested by Emerie
indicated a positive M-count transfer.
False positives are to be expected.
That result is nothing but an aberration,
like the clone herself.
We shall see.
Once Omega's brought back,
the test's validity will be confirmed.
Your future, however, is less certain.
Empire couldn't have followed us here
that quickly.
They didn't.
That's a standard patrol presence.
Okay.
So, let's find a way to send a message
to Hunter and Wrecker.
We can't.
They monitor long-range comms.
It'll give us away.
We'll have to figure out something else.
Wait.
We can't walk around like this.
We'll draw too much attention.
You're the one who wanted
to bring the hound.
Don't listen to him. Come on.
See? Isn't this better?
No.
New plan.
Let's get to the spaceport.
We can sneak onto one of those shuttles.
It's too well-guarded.
We'll never slip past
all those troopers undetected.
I can take out at least half
before they know what's happening.
Or...
Or we could try a way
that doesn't involve blaster fire.
Like what?
Watch and learn.
I can hardly wait.
Hello.
We'd like two tickets on the next shuttle, please.
Chain codes?
About that. We lost our chain codes.
No chain codes, no passage.
Right.
But you see,
a problem for us
could be an opportunity for you
if, say, you knew of an alternate way
of booking passage without a chain code?
Are you insinuating
that I should take a bribe?
If that's what you want to call it.
I do.
And that could be arranged...
for 15,000 credits.
For two tickets?
Per ticket. And it's nonnegotiable.
You're lucky I'm not charging extra
for the creature.
Where do you expect us
to get 30,000 credits?
Sounds like a you problem.
Don't come back without the credits.
Well, that went well.
Stow it.
Cachu-Cachu! Half price!
Storming the spaceport would
be easier than finding 30,000 credits.
I don't want to hurt anyone.
Don't be naive.
Every second we're here, we're at risk.
Then quit wasting time complaining.
I think I know how
we can make some fast credits.
Of course you do.
That's your plan?
You want to hustle someone?
I've done it before,
and I prefer to think of it
as a temporary requisition of funds.
And bet with what?
We don't have anything.
They don't know that.
I'll take those credits.
And if you lose?
Well...
...I guess we'll be in more trouble.
All right, all right. Who's next?
I'll give it a try.
This shouldn't take long.
I'm getting crushed here.
How 'bout one more game?
My luck has to run out eventually.
Eh, that's true.
But I get to deal this time.
Your usual, Captain?
Business looks good today.
A newcomer has pulled in quite the crowd.
Then business should be good for me today.
Affirmative.
Not again!
Okay, okay. One more game.
I think I'll quit while I'm ahead.
Leaving so soon?
You're in my seat.
So, you think you're good at this game?
Want to try against a, uh, real opponent?
I insist.
That shuttle looks like one of ours.
Yeah, we better check it out.
Your mutt don't seem to like me.
She's harmless.
She's a distraction. Get rid of her.
Never seen you or your dad around before.
We're just passing through.
Looks like the captain
is heading towards a victory.
Eh, I'll admit, you're not bad.
But you seem to have misunderstood
your enemy.
Did I?
The three Eastern Stars.
That is game over.
I'll take those 20,000 credits.
I concede. You beat me fair and square.
Nicely played.
Thanks.
Sir. Patrol found a crashed
Imperial vessel on the outskirts of town.
I wasn't notified about any shuttles
arriving today.
Now, hang on a minute.
We're not done here.
You haven't paid your fine.
What fine?
Gambling's illegal in these parts.
What?
The law is the law.
Now, all you gotta do is pay the fine.
And I'll be on my way.
How much?
Ten thousand credits.
Unless you prefer to be arrested instead.
Excellent.
Consider your fine paid in full.
Try and stay out of trouble.
Let's get out of here.
How many credits do we have left?
Thirty-five thousand.
Enough for two tickets on the shuttle
and a little extra.
Crosshair, where's Batcher?
Oy. You looking for that hound?
You know where she went?
Sure do, but the answer's gonna cost you.
Ten thousand credits.
I'm getting tired of this.
Okay, okay.
Five, but that's my final offer.
That Imperial officer and his troopers
snatched the creature
and headed for the cargo docks.
Down that way.
Nice doing business with ya.
Omega.
You heard him. Batcher's this way.
And the spaceport is that way.
Forget the hound.
We have to get off this planet.
We never would've escaped without Batcher.
I'm not leaving her.
You're making a mistake.
I'm not abandoning her!
Take the credits.
If you wanna go, then go.
I'll find my own way.
Fine.
We'll do this your way.
But my skills are being wasted.
Noted.
There's Batcher.
Shouldn't we free the other animals too?
Don't push it.
I thought you'd come
searching for your mutt.
Yeah, unfortunately for you,
Lau has a very strict pet policy.
No license means a hefty fine.
How much this time?
How 'bout you give me all my money back?
Credits won't do you any good
when Hemlock shows up.
Did you think I wouldn't piece it together
when I found that crashed shuttle?
Nothing gets by me.
I run this town.
So, hand over the credits and surrender.
All right.
Let's try things your way.
Finally.
Send reinforcements to the cargo dock!
I'll handle this.
Take Batcher, and power up the ship.
They're stealing the cargo ship!
Let's--
Get out of here?
Yeah. I'm on it.
I hope your takeoffs
are better than your landings.
We're about to find out.
Sir, we have confirmation.
The girl and CT-9904
were in the spaceport.
Were?
They escaped aboard a cargo freighter.
Track the ship,
and notify all our operatives.
I want her found.
The Empire will be able
to track this vessel.
We need to ditch it.
We will.
I'm heading to a remote location,
and I sent a coded transmission
for Hunter and Wrecker to meet us there.
Omega.
It's-- It's been months.
- You don't know if they're still aliv--
- They'll be there.
Now, there's a sight!
Wrecker!
Ha!
I wasn't even sure your message was real.
Wrecker.
I knew you'd show up.
We crossed the galaxy four times
looking for you.
Five.
But you're the one who found us.
We missed you, kid.
We never stopped searching.
But how did you escape?
I had help.